Multiple vcs login (#61)
argoapp-live/argo-docs: versioned_docs/version-3.0.0-beta/deployments/connect-mvcs.md

---
id: mvcs

> title: Connect multiple Git providers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Connect multiple git providers
```

> sidebar_label: Multiple Git providers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: Multiple Git Providers
```

> slug: /deployments/connect-mvcs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slug: /deployments/connect-git
```

---

> Spheron allows deployments for different providers and every branch push to your GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket projects. Before starting, you would need to sync your GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket projects to your spheron account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spheron allows deployments for different providers and every branch push to your GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket projects. Before starting, you must sync your GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket projects to your spheron account.
```

### Step 1

- <strong>
    Go to your profile icon in your spheron dashboard app and click on it as
    shown below.
  </strong>

<img src={require("@site/static/img/3.0.0/acct1.png").default} />

### Step 2
- <strong>
    Click on settings from the image above to go to your settings page and
    navigate to the login connections in your Account Settings as shown below.
  </strong>

<img src={require("@site/static/img/3.0.0/acct.png").default} />

### Step 3

- <strong>

>        Click on any of the git providers and follow the authentication prompt that pops up to sync. Successfully synced accounts will be shown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Click on any of the git providers and follow the authentication prompt that pops up to sync. The Spheron platform will show all the successful synced accounts.
```
